There is a good tutorial on how to build an image classifier from scratch here: https://keras.io/examples/vision/image_classification_from_scratch/ (Links to an external site.). However, in this tutorial it is hinted that it can be advantageous to use pre-trained weights, where these come from a model that is trained on a similar dataset (this is called transfer learning). In this assignment we will test if this is the case and if so, we will test how effective transfer learning is.  To achieve this, we will conduct several experiments. You should use the same network architecture and training parameters for all these experiments, and you should record and report the accuracy on the cats and dogs dataset for each epoch in all 4 experiments. To pass this assignment, you should perform all the following bullet points below:


Experiment 1: Follow the tutorial above and train a CNN model to distinguish between cats and dogs. Use a learning rate of 0.0001 instead of the one that is used in the tutorial
Train a model (with the same architecture as the model in the tutorial) on the Stanford Dogs dataset: https://www.tensorflow.org/datasets/catalog/stanford_dogs (Links to an external site.). When trained, save this model to a file.
Experiment 2: Load the saved model and replace only the output layer of the model (to align it to the new problem). When this is done, train and evaluate the model (for 50 epochs) on the cats and dogs dataset.
Experiment 3: Load the saved model and replace the output layer of the model, as well as the first two convolutional layers (keep the weights of all other layers). Train and evaluate the model on the cats and dogs dataset when this is done.
Experiment 4: Load the saved model and replace the output layer of the model, as well as the two last convolutional layers. Train and evaluate the model on the cats and dogs dataset when this is done.
Write a short report (1-2 pages) where you present your results and discuss the reasons behind these. Submit this together with a notebook with all your experiments.
It is okay to conduct the experiments on a smaller subset of these, if you have any problem connected to the size of the datasets.